hey folks ET here on otaku were in the
Sofia collection and were having a up
close and personal look at the Honda
convertible and the numbers I never know
with these things unless I see a badge
and this one didn't have a badge that I
actually saw so s 500 or 600 or 700 or
800 or whatever whatever it is I'm sure
someone out there actually knows the
difference but I am NOT up to date on
these these s chassis cars here but
anyways I thought because I like them so
much because I don't really have much
personal experience with with them in my
past I thought it would be kind of cool
to for myself and for anybody else who's
interested in these these Honda's do you
actually get as much detail as possible
with the limitations of my camera and
the lighting in the warehouse and things
like that so I figured let me get as
much as possible so I can show it off to
the world and keep it as a record for
myself and I wanted to get like the
drive in perspective sitting right here
I wanted to get the how the seems go all
the way around the car and just the
lights and and a whole bunch of stuff
kind of cool yeah it's hard to imagine
that this thing turned into the s2000
basically you know it was influenced by
the convertible s2000 so pretty cool
yeah and the fact that I didn't really
see too many and when I was young it was
kind of interesting you know who knows
did I see him in America but I don't
know how many they actually brought or
were they brought in by individuals or
whatever but cool cars I know Jay Leno
has one of course he has everything but
uh this is interesting how the scene
goes from the back all the way to the
front so I decided to you know follow it
with my my camera here and then on the
other side I do the same thing just to
kinda I knew it had a scene but I didn't
realize it actually went all the way
down and was equal with the the trim on
the door as well so pretty cool yeah
okay guys thanks for watching if you
have any special requests like the video
I did hear on any
specific car let me know and I'll see
what I can do before I leave the country
peace out and we'll talk to you guys
next time